=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::MultiProxy - A multi-server IRC proxy

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::MultiProxy;

 my $proxy = POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::MultiProxy->new(
     Listen_port = 12345,
     Password    = 'foobar',
 );

 $irc->plugin_add(
     MultiProxy => $proxy,
     network    => 'freenode',
 );

=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<new>

Creates a new MultiProxy plugin object. Takes the following arguments:

B<'Password'> (required), the password you will use when connecting to the
proxy.

B<'Listen_port'> (required), the port you want the proxy to listen on.

B<'Listen_host'> (optional), the host you want the proxy to listen on.
Defaults to '0.0.0.0'.

B<'Away_msg'> (optional), the away message you want to use when no clients
are connected.

B<'SSL_key'>, the name of a file containing an SSL key for the listener to
use, if you want to enable SSL.

B<'SSL_cert'>, the name of a file containing an SSL certificate for the
listener to use, if you want to enable SSL.

B<'Recall_mode'>, how you want messages to be recalled. Available modes are:

=over 4

=item B<'missed'> (the default): MultiProxy will only recall the channel
messages you missed since the last time you detached from MultiProxy.

=item B<'none'>: MultiProxy will not recall any channel messages.

=item B<'all'>: MultiProxy will recall all channel messages.

=back

B<Note>: MultiProxy will always recall I<private messages> that you missed while
you were away, regardless of this option.

=head1 TODO

Look into using L<POE::Component::Server::IRC|POE::Component::Server::IRC> as
an intermediary for multiple clients.

Keep recall messages away from prying eyes, instead of in F</tmp>.

Add proper tests.

=head1 AUTHOR

Hinrik E<Ouml>rn SigurE<eth>sson, hinrik.sig@gmail.com

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2008-2010 Hinrik E<Ouml>rn SigurE<eth>sson

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Other useful IRC bouncers:

=over

=item L<http://miau.sourceforge.net>

=item L<http://znc.sourceforge.net>

=item L<http://code.google.com/p/dircproxy/>

=item L<http://www.ctrlproxy.org>

=item L<http://www.psybnc.at>

=item L<http://irssi.org/documentation/proxy>

=item L<http://freshmeat.net/projects/bip>

=back

=cut
